Fix link format (#8032)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/prod/config-reference-var-name.md

*  To use values you set in the `$_ENV` array, you must set `variables_order = "EGPCS"` in your `php.ini` file. For details, see [PHP documentation](http://us.php.net/manual/en/ini.core.php#ini.variables-order).

> *  For Magento Commerce Cloud, if you are attempting to override Magento configuration settings using the [Project Web Interface](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var), you must prepend the variable name with `env:`. For example:

Reviewer: Whilst this is being changed, perhaps change the link to the new one  - https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var

> *  For Magento Commerce Cloud, if you are attempting to override Magento configuration settings using the [Project Web Interface](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var), you must prepend the variable name with `env:`. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
*  For Magento Commerce Cloud, if you are attempting to override Magento configuration settings using the [Project Web Interface]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var), you must prepend the variable name with `env:`. For example:
```
